# CoastWatch-Lectures
This repository includes the lectures used in the CoastWatch courses. The lectures were designed to be short, around 20 minutes long when narrated.  Many of them have been narrated and can be viewed on Youtube.  

Lecture Descriptions 

* Introduction to CoastWatch
  An overview of the NOAA/NESDIS CoastWatch program, it's different regional nodes, and the satellite progucts and services it offers. 

* Satellite 101, Part 2
  This presentaion covers EMR (electromagnetic radiation), atmospheric correction, and the differences between passive and active sensors. 
  
* Ocean Color
  This presentation covers the basic principals behind ocean color satellite data and gives an overview of the suite of products generated by ocean color satellites

* Sea Ice
  This presentaion describes the different types of sea ice products available, and where and how to access them.
  
* GitHub Software Tutorials
  An overview of the different tutorilas developed by CoastWatch for working with satellite data with R or python software. 

Acknowledgement

The training materials for the CoastWatch Program have been developed, reviewed, and edited with the contributions of many dedicated individuals:

* Melanie Abecassis - For code/content development, review
* Dale Robinson - For code/content development, review
* Shelly Tomlinson - For code/content development, review
* Andrea Vander Woude - For code/content development, review
* Victoria Wegman - For content review/edit
* Cara Wilson - For code/content development, review

We also extend our gratitude to other external contributors whose specific acknowledgements are included within the training materials they helped to create.

Questions?
If you need any further assistance, questions or error reporting, please submit an issue on github.
